
* Here are the instructions for the Games

* Twenty One

To play just use the 1 and 2 keys as directed. Use the Enter key to proceed
when unsure. Press Mode at any time to quit back to time mode.

The aim of the game is to get a higher value than the dealer but not bust.
You bust when your value goes above 21. Hit means to draw a card and when
you're happy, stand to proceed.

Betting, double downs, blackjacks, etc have not been implemented yet.

* Lunar Lander

The aim of Lunar Lander is to land your spaceship safely (touching the ground at
a velocity of 0ft/s). Here are the rules that govern your spaceship:

1. After each second, the height, velocity, and remaining fuel
will be reported in the status menu.

2.After each second enter the number of units of fuel you wish to burn during
the next second.

3. Each unit of fuel will slow your descent by 1 foot/sec.

4.The maximum amount of fuel you can burn in one second is 30 units. If you
run out of fuel, you will no longer be prompted to enter the number of units
to burn each second.

You can use the mode key to quit the game any time.

* Chess

Right now there is no board display only the moves displayed in coordinate
fasion (eg d7-d5 or b4xf7+).

At the start of the game, you are asked to play either white (1) or black
(2). Then you can select the level of play 1, 2 or 3. press enter after making
your selection. The level controls how much thinking time you want to give the
watch. level 1 is pretty much instantaneous, level 2, a few seconds and level
3 about 30 seconds.

Enter your move using numbers instead of letters, so A=1, B=2 etc.  for
example, the move E2-E4 is entered as the number 5254. the watch responds and
then you make your next move.

when promoting pawns, add a trailing number to the move 1=knight, 2=bishop, 3=rook, 4=queen. no number promotes automatically to queen.

Pressing the mode key escapes from the chess game. Currently there is no way
to return to the state of play after exit.

Misc Notes:

* the 50 move rule is not enforced.             [ will be fixed]
* the three repetition rule is not enforced.    [ tricky! ]
* vchess may declare a win if it finds a mate-in-n situation.
* the chess engine is voidchess v1.4





